We can use streams to
sequence other streams.
And so we can use a stream to trigger
a stream and to shut down a stream.
This is an important concept.
It's very applicable to the DOM.
But it is also when you start
thinking about sequencing,
like asynchronous communication between
servers, this is also important.
So let's look at this code right here and
let's segment it.
So what I'm describing is drag and drop.
So when you think of drag and drop, what
are kind of the three main points of that?
So mouse down, mouse move,
mouse up, down, over up.
And so these are the events
that we need to capture.
So the first thing we're gonna do is we're
going to define two streams down and move.
And so, for down, it's pretty simple.
We simply say, capture the mouse
down event, start a string.
For our move this is a little bit
more intense because we're having
to capture to some offset.
And so you'll notice here ironically
that we have this dollar parentheses.
What is that?
Well, it's jQuery,
like when you're calculating offset from
an L like a relative offset,
like if I click on this particular point,
what is the offset to its parent object,
and not the entire window?
So for me, the best tool that I found for
that is jQuery.
jQuery was very good at DOM selection.
And those particular things when it
veered off into everything else,
that's when I think jQuery did
a Fonzie and jumped the shark.
But all we're doing here is
we're taking the mouse event and
converting it into an x, y coordinate.
And now,
this is where it gets interesting.
So we're saying down and
then we're hitting the switch map.
So we know what map does.
It takes one thing and
it turns it into another.
So what do we think switch map does?
Well, it essentially maps its output
by switching to a new stream.
So what is going into the rest of
the stream underneath a switch map,
what is the stream that
we're dealing with?
It's this.
So how this works is we're saying on
the downstream start the stream but
then immediately switch
to the mouse stream.
Until you have your upstream.
And so this is a really
elegant way to sequence and
communicate a very natural
interaction down stream
switch to the move stream until and
upstream.
And so in one line of code or
two lines of code,
we've done a really good
job of capturing and
sequencing this stream of user
events as it pertains to drag and
drop, which looks like this right here.
Pretty simple.
[SOUND] We're able to just drag it
around until I let the mouse up and
down the Stream starting.
So you can see here even it's
kinda jumping on my mouse a bit.
Well, I have to fiddle
with kinda that offset.
But I think we had this idea
that when my mouse is down and
I'm dragging it's cool the minute
I went up the stream stop.
So down, switch to move until up.